A rebel statement sent to Lisbon from Jamba said 86 government soldiers and 13 guerrillas were killed in the fighting that ended Jan. 3. It said the rebel forces sill held Mavinga.
Authorities last week issued a vacate order for a club in Manhattan and closed another in the Bronx.
At the first Pan Am bankruptcy hearing, for example, at least five airlines were represented.
Mr. Neigum, poker-faced during the difficult task, manages a 46-second showing.
This, combined with the container division talks, suggests the group's bankers might be considering an orderly disposal of all assets.
She told the Post in an interview published Sunday that some of the money may have become "mingled" into improvements on her home that included a swimming pool, a $2,500 wide-screen television and renovations to her basement.
According to a study by the Marshall Institute, the average NASA employee's age in 1963 was 30; now most of its senior and middle-managers will be eligible to retire in five years.
Preston Tisch, 62, is president and co-chief executive officer of Loews Corp. and is a former postmaster general.
"We're dealing with an owner who couldn't give a rip. They cut off her mail and she got a post office box." Starting Friday, an animal-control officer is accompanying Finster on his route.
Asked if he might bring the world leaders to Texas, possibly to San Antonio, the president remarked, "That's a distinct possibility.
He said Muscovites, who gave him 89 percent of the vote in a two-way race in March, would be "partially satisfied." On the march to Pushkin Square, a city bus stopped, and dozens of passengers got off to join in.
Changes to the VAT rules mean a Pounds 900m tax payment in the second half.
"He came up to me and said, `You tell Mickey Roache,' our police commissioner, `he's doing a wonderful job in that Stuart case and we're with him all the way,"' Flynn said.
The government tried to forestall any criticism from African countries that have accused it of being too cooperative with South Africa.
But the official left open the possibility of such trials for Saddam Hussein, his clique and other officers accused of committing atrocities in Kuwait.
"My husband says he's not sure he'll be employed next month." Some retailers insist all the promotional sales, savings coupons and other marketing efforts are drawing customers.
We look forward to providing a unique and exciting shopping experience to the region." Macy's operates 149 department stores in the United States under the names Macy's, Bullock's and I. Magnin.
But other major banks left their rates unchanged, and after Black Monday those three banks quickly lowered their rates back to 9 1/2%.
So he joined Hyatt's frequent-guest program; so far, he has cashed in on discounted and upgraded rooms.
De Klerk said Wednesday's balloting ratified his reforms.
"The results are highly encouraging," said Auxiliary Bishop James T. McHugh of Newark, N.J., director of the church's Diocesan Development Program for Natural Family Planning.
Mr. Hoover expects industry revenue to grow 19% annually, reaching a 1990 level more than double last year's estimated $6 billion.
The entree, like the politicking and gossiping, varies each week.
Under the first civil settlement of Boesky-related cases, reached in January, the 46 investors in Boesky's partnership will receive $248 million in liquidation proceedings.
In-Store's president, Steve Kahler, doesn't view Shoppers' Video as a big threat.
Quaker Oats Co. today reported a 9.2 percent drop in its third-quarter earnings, citing an extraordinary expense of $20.7 million stemming from the consolidation of its European food-manufacturing operations.
Can we never see eye-to-eye until all 120 million Japanese become Christians?" My second encounter occurred in the late 1980s, when I overheard a comment as I passed by a meeting room in the New York head office of a major financial organization.
In addition, union and management have promised to work together to resolve problems arising from layoffs, production schedule changes, major investments and day-to-day decisions once left entirely to management.
While the results of Gulf States' campaign remain to be seen, it is also arousing the company's easily aroused critics.
"The item veto is not a simple, politically neutral device for bringing about economy and efficiency in government.
"This isn't a hostile offer," said Stuart A. Rose, chairman and chief executive officer of Audio/Video, a Dayton, Ohio-based electronics parts distibutor.
In the long term, stock in the drilling company may have value, he said, but he isn't assigning much value to it at this point.
Some analysts believe the CBS network had a loss of $20 million to $30 million in the fourth quarter and may show a loss in the current period.
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds fell to 8.54%, the lowest level since mid-July of last year and down from 9 1/8% as recently as about two weeks ago.
The kit has an adaptor with crocodile clips 'enabling access to be made directly into a convenient wall box.'
Last year, the FDA said it would allow people with life-threatening illnesses to import personal supplies of unapproved drugs.
That would be quite impossible without either uncounted cash subsidies or uncounted in-kind aid that frees up cash that otherwise would be needed for necessities.
No children in the sixth-grade classroom at Most Pure Heart of Mary School were hit.
As the first wines of the year, the Beaujolais nouveau, normally considered an inexpensive lightweight, served as a bellwether to both quality and the price the market will bear.
The sterling value of overseas equities and bonds was also greatly increased. So, it all worked out well in the end, but, nevertheless, the fundamentals of UK equity market valuation are stretched.
They have been rallying by the hundreds of thousands to push for more control over Kosovo, an ancient Slav heartland bordering Albania that is now dominated by ethnic Albanians.
'At the beginning, the Mexican attitude was very macho.
"My gut reaction is that consumers wouldn't be aware" of the alleged safety problems, said J.D. Powers' Mr. Cedergren.
Stock prices fell today as traders warily awaited the latest monthly report on employment.
In Allendale County, the Guard estimates it has a $1 million impact on the economy.
A study today concludes that virtually all asthma attacks are triggered by allergies, challenging a widely held belief.
And Germans in both east and west have accepted the inevitability of a rapid unification since the Berlin Wall opened Nov. 9.
Disney World in Florida is famed for its marketing to Latin America.
Those opinions are those of Mr. Yeltsin," Arbatov said in an interview.
The two firms later backed out of the deal because of heavy pressure from officials at Nomura, according to news reports.
The leader of a one-man crusade to open a home for people with AIDS has left town, emotionally battered and financially strapped but insisting Wednesday that his was a successful fight to change attitudes.
Mr. Stadiem is unabashedly nostalgic.
Frank lied about how he met Gobie and he lied when he wrote that, as far as he knew, Gobie was obeying the law.
Volume on the Big Board came to 86.36 million shares.
The single Independent in the upper house, Senator Brian Harradine, sided with the opposition. The legislation will now be referred back to the House of Representatives, which has already approved all eight budget bills.
In May, the year-to-year rise was 4.8%.
He was hospitalized in serious condition.
He also said he did not know why the decision was made.
Hundreds of Serbs have reportedly taken refuge in an army barracks in Petrinja, about 25 miles south of the Croatia'a capital of Zagreb, to escape riot police seeking to recover weapons.
OH, BY THE WAY, the General Accounting Office, Congress's audit arm, says IRS computers were in good shape to process 1987 returns.
Where Italy, in the eyes of their fans, have barely scraped through, Germany have done just enough.
Viewers could see a change from FNN to CNBC within days after the transaction is completed, he said.
But Mr. Iacocca counters, "I never worked harder in my life than in the last couple of years.
But towards the end of the decade developers were taking a much more confident view of the city's prospects as its image improved.
Cowper holds three records in The Guinness Book of Records 1990 for previous circumnavigations of the globe.
Mr. Meese has portrayed himself as being only a peripheral player in the Iran initiative before last November.
Authorities confiscated 570 pounds of heroin alleged to have been imported by Kon's organization in several seizures over the years, Stutman said.
A great German classic? Pandora's Box (Tartan Video).
The Massachusetts governor spent most of Monday in Boston, while George Bush was in Washington, leaving the campaign trail to Jackson.
Rally organizers said they'd gotten their message across to this community of 6,100 and called off plans to stage acts of civil disobedience.
The shares stand near the low for the year of 162.5 pence, and well below the year's high of 234 pence.
American Cyanamid intends to acquire Shell's crop protection business.
It said it terminated the agreement yesterday and didn't have any borrowings outstanding.
Prosecutors have arrested 12 people on suspicion of giving or taking bribes or violating security laws.
Margo Vignola at Salomon Brothers doesn't expect a stock ownership plan for American Medical.
Barco said he will present the proposed treaty to the lawmakers next week.
He promised "frugality with economic development." The three parties will have to agree on specific measures, such as boosting public utility rates and a proposed one-time tax on personal and company earnings.
Both sides accused the other of misinterpreting a peace plan signed two weeks ago and of violating a truce that started March 21.
The Cipollone plaintiff counsel and jury apparently assumed it reassured smokers by telling them that the health problems had been solved.
The earlier rallies, part of a nation-wide wave of student demonstrations, finally were crushed by the government.
The sale is part of Salinas' plan for cutting inflation and reviving the economy.
Strong results were recorded in its elevators, transport technology and maritime innovation divisions.
What makes Cray Computer a more unusual pick for Mr. Duncan is that its earnings have been nonexistent. Nevertheless, he looks for the firm to break even next year and hit $3 a share in earnings by 1994.
And suddenly it started shaking, which I'm used to.
The company and its partners - Siam Syntech Construction, Sino-Thai Engineering & Construction and OTV - overcame strong oppositon from seven consortia to secure the contract.
He said six Indians arrested at Kingsville in south Texas earlier Thursday told agents that alien smugglers had made arrangements for their trip at Casa Romero and had picked them up there.
The Party has chosen to sacrifice economic growth in favor of tighter state control over people's daily lives.
They want him to rein in his frequently careless exuberance. He is cheered by two things.
Turco said the study assumes that in even a small nuclear exchange the primary target would be oil and gas storage areas because such material is vital to military defense.
An accountant's wildest fantasies?
"It is my fervent hope that we will be able to reach an agreement that will be satisfactory to all concerned," Mitchell said.
I looked at my watch at the end, astonished that 100 minutes had gone by. But then I am looking at my watch again now, astonished that a vintage Venice festival has gone by, with only 36 hours, three films and a bunch of prizes to go.
And in case you may have missed it the first 38 times, the Pickle Packers International association is out once again to convince the world of the preserved cucumber's value in everything from elementary education to international policy making.
The Japanese are most enthusiastic about the notion of yen-denominated U.S. government bonds.
The combination of relatively high West German interest rates and the dollar's decline has put downward pressure on the weaker currencies in the European Monetary System's exchange-rate mechanism, particularly the French franc.
Some network executives say that if advertisers insist on pure people-meter data, they might lower, or even do away with, audience guarantees.
For nervous Conservative backbenchers with an eye on the next election, that might be no bad thing.
Palestinian demonstrators clashed with troops in the Balata and Fara refugee camps near Nablus following noon prayers.
This culture is just so disposable _ a McDonald's culture.
The U.S. government was among many to condemn these bannings.
Many forgeries were produced, most of which were printed by the authorities themselves.
Riots erupted for a third night in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, with violence centering on the city's mixed-race district.
Housing shortages have helped feed the still-growing homeless population.
The Soviet Union today sent medical supplies to Romania and appealed to its Warsaw Pact allies to help support the uprising against Nicolae Ceausescu, but it appeared to rule out military intervention.
Lawmakers say the aim is to increase voter turnout and open the nation's elections to Americans unable to leave work and stand in line at City Hall or merely too forgetful to register 30 days in advance as required in some states.
But the unexpected savings from the drought may now reduce the deficit below $146 billion.
Henry Waxman, D-Calif. "I hope the president will follow his own commission's advice." Waxman is among several members of Congress pushing for anti-discrimination legislation.
Bondholders agreed to reschedule the debt payments.
The maze design had to be adapted to meet certain U.S. standards, including exits to comply with fire codes, and breakaway panels in case of emergency.
It was founded by William Russell, a member of the Yale Class of 1833, apparently in reaction to the stripping of secrecy from Phi Beta Kappa, the honorary scholastic society, during the rise of a national anti-secrecy movement.
The plane is refueled and leaves Cyprus for Algeria.
It happened like this.
The death of the dinosaurs actually is the more significant trend, argues Robert Sobel, a professor of business history at Hofstra University in Hempstead, N.Y.
A vaccine would be proven, he said, only when it is shown to give protection against the effects of these substances also.
He has done me a great, great favor and I would like to return the compliment."
He notes that the idea has been used with other assets including stocks, options, real estate and art.
Meanwhile, the circus animals are stuck in Newburgh, N.Y. The company that was transporting the animals took them there, to its headquarters, when the tour broke off after performances in just two cities.
A total of 463 people died in traffic accidents over the holiday weekend, the National Safety Council reported.
In early trading in Hong Kong on Friday, gold was quoted at $399.55.
Guenther Dahloff, an economic official of the West German Embassy, rose to say Mr. McPherson's concerns were just "a mirror image" of European concerns about U.S. trade policy, especially the huge new trade bill passed Wednesday.
Two settlement proposals offered by the alliance have been rejected by the writers.
"My roommate, Jeff Peltier, and I began fooling with it four years ago with our coach, Joe Bernal," Berkoff says.
But then who, just a little later, is this little girl with her back towards us, in white dress and hat and her racquet in her hand and her long black pigtail falling down her back?
Two sisters put up for adoption in Frankfurt, West Germany, 10 years ago will be reunited at the festivities.
The wins should restore the shop's leadership in new-business rankings among British ad agencies.
It wants to develop Birmingham as a business centre on a European and world-wide basis. Mr Moore says: 'The West Midlands is attempting to revive economically by attracting new investment in industry.
Both the 9,600-ton Bunker Hill and the 7,810-ton Fife are capable of deploying Tomahawk missiles.
Although Mr. Siegel is described by some friends as a man who is reluctant to leave any money on the table in a business negotiation, he is anything but a Scrooge in his personal life.
Ms. Savage-Rich wrote a weekly wine column for the Fort Lauderdale Sun-Sentinel.
Sect members won political control of the nearby community of Antelope, renaming it City of Rajneesh, and attempted to control voting in Wasco County by busing thousands of homeless people to the commune in 1984.
It must contain substantive reforms.
To diversify the family's holdings and shield some of it from taxation, the investment company lately has plunged into U.S. commercial real estate.
In Lahore, Pakistan, hundreds of Pakistanis lined a major street, chanting slogans and rattling placards in opposition to the temple.
Marriott won't disclose results of its Residence Inns, except to say they are profitable.
The teacher waited with them for the missing students and then took a ski lift up the slope to search.
Secondly, there was no desk to spare in the whole office and one had to be bought.
It would raise MaxSaver fares $10 each way and increase the advance purchase requirement to 30 days from seven days, but would lower the cancellation penalty to 50% from 100%.
The answer, according to Sen. Joseph Biden, depends on which conservative nominee he's lecturing.
Citizens Financial Group Inc. has agreed to be acquired for $440 million by the Royal Bank of Scotland, the sixth-largest banking group in the United Kingdom.
The museum has never valued "The Night Watch," which is not insured, in line with Culture Ministry policy.
The feds would stick to such health-threatening problems as asbestos.
"We must compel them (automakers) to retain all current workers unless their ability to survive is severely at risk as a result of conditions beyond their control," Bieber said in a speech to the convention.
Closer inspection reveals no stitching - hours of detailed tying and dying have produced an amazing effect of design and texture. For intricate stitching, Cordsen shows off a hand-made silk appliqued outfit, comprising coat, dress and trousers.
The verdict repudiated the ruling National Liberation Front (FLN) and its 28-year monopoly on power.
"This is the beginning of real change," Foreign Minstry spokesman Tepbishiin Chimeddorj said of his country, which strategically borders both the Soviet Union and China.
With state-chartered credit unions, the assets nationally total about $160 billion, he said.
In interviews from jail, the former chairman of the Bank of Crete has claimed Papandreou and other high government officials received millions of dollars in payoffs and authorized the looting of his bank.
"The only way we're going to resolve this drug problem is for the federal government to work with the state government and local officials.
The 45-year-old former airline pilot submitted his resignation to Venkataraman this morning.
The erosion of existing barriers to trade and investment in air services is likely to be accompanied by a major restructuring of the world airline industry.
Sasser called the deal "a minimalist agreement.
A Roman Catholic priest who celebrated his last Mass as an inner-city pastor said he saw a new beginning in the merger of his church with another one closed by the Detroit Archdiocese.
"That revenue figure in total is something that we can accept. Unfortunately, in Bush's budget, it is not legitimately obtained," Sasser said.
Many fled the country after the communists reunified it in 1975.
One exception was New York based Paramount Capital Group Inc., which runs a popular dividend-capture strategy called buy-writes.
"It was laced with humor, but it had a rebellious feeling about it and people responded to it.
Klan leaders said this year's rally in part was a celebration of the state's decision not to enforce the mask law, which a state judge ruled unconstitutional after Miller's arrest.
For the Balts, this means Washington is a lot friendlier than it used to be.
The East German news agency ADN reported Saturday that 70 segments of the Berlin Wall will be auctioned off on June 23 in the principality of Monaco.
About half invested in real estate or mortgages, while the rest of the money they raised went into everything from leasing jetliners to drilling for oil and operating cable-television systems.
It grew in size as the tax-writing committees tacked on amendments extending some expiring provisions and granting tax benefits for selected groups.
Noriega has had no way of monitoring the accounts since his arrest.
The new order was much broader and appeared directed at the millions of factories and commercial companies that have sprung up outside the state plan during a decade of economic reform.
"We have done extensive testing in attempts to identify any common design flaw that would be a root cause" for sudden acceleration, the spokesman said.
Great Lakes Bancorp said it has formed a mortgage-banking unit to expand its residential mortgage-loan business into the northern suburbs of Detroit.
Duane Allen, Joe Bonsall and Richard Sterban voted him out, citing friction among band members.
Any of these, at least at first glance, could preclude Mexico as a possible site.
"We're still working on how to implement what the president said," Charles Kolb, deputy undersecretary of the U.S. Department of Education, said in an interview Monday.
They were printed while Mrs. Sutcliffe was pursuing a libel case against the magazine for alleging she tried to cash in on her husband's notoriety by agreeing to sell her story to a newspaper.
There are, though, a few caveats.
Chemical has $74.1 billion in assets, while Manufacturers Hanover has $61.3 billion.
Hospital officials said another four Panamanians remained hospitalized in "stable" condition but gave no further details.
People over 65 make up 12 percent of the nation's population, but use 30 percent of health care services, Vagelos said.
At many large banks, cost-cutting began to lift earnings.
Pernilla Ostergren is a touching Ophelia, a child-woman who remains on stage for much of evening, a forlorn witness to most of the debauchery.
He seeks a better life, distances himself from his criminal heritage.
"If that gets reversed, we'll have some opportunities here."
Chrysler's sales also have taken a dive.
"It ostensibly was a good API number for crude.
He has fought this election as if he, rather than Mr Major, had inherited the party leadership after the toppling of Mrs Thatcher.
"The Transport Workers Union has not endorsed the unions' plan," Mr. Kerrigan said.
"If investors are getting out of stocks, then governments are the safest available alternative," said Charles Lieberman, a managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp.
"GE has become aware of the investigation by the Israeli government," said a GE spokesman.
Thus ended the campaign in the first of the industrial states to vote, a battle that seemed as clear-cut on the Republican side as it was complicated for the Democrats.
A woman was in critical condition today after nine hours of surgery to receive a new liver, following a plea from track star Carl Lewis to help locate an organ.
Perhaps Columbus, had been right, after all. I took my leave of the finest green refuge on New York City's outskirts: the evening bell was sounding and somebody was driving a car along the lower terrace to remind us that highway morals rule.
Coniston, which owns nearly 6 percent of Gillette stock, forced the proxy vote earlier this year in hopes of winning four directors' seats to pressure the 12-member Gillette board to sell the company.
To hire these people, employers are offered a subsidy amounting to Pounds 2,340 per year, which falls far short of the Pounds 8,000 that the average unemployed person costs the taxpayer.
First Interstate is a unit of First Interstate Bancorp. in Los Angeles.
It has been losing money through the 1980s.
That's why it's OK." A wounded Canadian fugitive being airlifted by a medical helicopter apparently tried to commandeer the aircraft in flight, causing it to crash and killing him and the three-member crew, authorities said Monday.
"What portion of the 12 percent are drivers is not yet known," said Richard Sykes, professor of speech communication at the University of Minnesota and director of the survey.
Maronites have controlled key government posts, the army and judiciary since independence from France in 1943.
The largest increase in the budget comes in the company's petroleum refining, marketing, petrochemicals and plastics business _ up from $330 million in 1988 to $389 million in 1989.
The $9.9 billion appropriations package is heading toward the president's desk following its approval by Congress on Thursday. The Senate passed it by voice vote; the House endorsed it on a 359-45 roll call.
Among other statistics released by the association: _The most common cardiovascular disease is high blood pressure, which affects 60 million Americans.
Like kinsmen in neighboring Zaire, their height averages about 3 feeet and they usually live in forests, eating meat, roots and wild fruit.
"If there's a meter there, we can't really turn down service as long as there are no safety problems," Liipfert says.
"Our investment banker felt the price should be increased to enable it to render a fairness opinion," said James E. Buckman, Days Inns executive vice president and general counsel.
Ramadan is in competition with another oldtimer, deputy chairman of the Revolutionary Command Council (the highest decision-making body) Izzat Ibrahim.
He may also face at least several months more for a 1981 probation violation, officials said.
(41) "Anything But Love," ABC, 12.9.
He called Helm's injuries "overwhelming." Helm, who commuted 250 miles to rural from the Oakland to rural Weaverville to visit his family on weekends, was trapped in his crushed car for 89 hours.
From January 3 the channel will broadcast European Money Wheel, five hours of business news and information on weekday mornings.
After reports earlier this year linked the apple pesticide Alar to cancer risks in children, supermarkets had to act "to head off a flap," he says.
So if the market were to rise by 35 per cent and then fall back, the investor would have secured a 30 per cent gain.
"That's not going to make people live their lives together and be responsible to each other," she says.
Williams also disclosed that the Pentagon's No. 2 procurement officer, Donald Yockey, and the Navy's assistant secretary for procurement, Gerald Cann, met with unidentified representatives of McDonnell Douglas and General Dynamics today.
Members of the opposition Hungarian Democratic Forum ruled out any coalition with the Communist Party before general elections planned next year.
Because ailments allegedly caused by asbestos take years to appear, new cases are still being filed.
The eager beaver tries to take over the group but generally isn't the best person.
The few Arabians that survived the allied bombing there landed back at Janow, Gen.
Herb Gray of Windsor, Ontario, immediately replaces Turner as head of the Liberals in Parliament.
Col. Triumfo Augustin, constabulary commander in the area, estimated 20,000 people were homeless.
Aker would not be drawn on details of the foreign investors. Mr Tom Ruud, Aker's chief executive, said the disposal had improved liquidity and cleared the way for the planned listing on the London stock exchange.
He quietly raised $200,000 for a black voter registration drive in the South that was instrumental in returning the Senate to Democratic control that fall.
The European Economic Community's economic sentiment indicator recovered strongly in March amid optimism about Europe's economic prospects for the next year, the EEC Commission said Thursday.
"We hope that the government will now hold to its own promised timetable and continue on a course to allow open and free elections," government spokesman Herbert Schmuelling said.
Davis died of cancer at George Washington University Hospital.
Another bank unit, Seafirst Corp., will have its Ba-1 senior debt reviewed, as will Seafirst National Bank's Baa-1 long-term deposits.
Three members of the jury reached Friday by telephone said the show had no effect on their verdict, the Tampa Tribune reported Saturday.
Like cellular telephone licenses, the FCC conducts lotteries to award wireless cable licenses.
He opened a private car-repair shop in 1985 by getting a license to repair the eastern German Trabant, the two-cylinder car with the plastic body and an engine that sounds like an angry lawn mower.
Civil rights activists are accusing the Supreme Court of "redneck justice" and urging Congress to stem what they say is a reactionary tide threatening 35 years of progress for minorities and women.
But it did reinforce the feeling that the economy isn't about to slump into a recession, analysts said.
Documents show the three-term Democrat, facing re-election in 1994, assisted Keating in his bid to have Gray removed from the examination of Lincoln.
The plane will remain at Norwood until Pan Am and the FAA have a chance to go over it, he said.
There is one plus, though.
The fleet commander, Adm.
"Between Christmas and New Year's, you might cut back to what you think is the bare minimum," says Thomas Barman, senior vice president of foreign exchange at Credit Suisse's New York branch.
Aboard the rocket was a communications satellite for the British military and a satellite for television and radio broadcasts to Europe.
The federal government will push harder to revive atomic power. Tax dollars may be used to develop a nuclear reactor with added safety features, but public opposition to the atom is likely to persist.
In Washington, the State Department disclosed Monday that Secretary of State James A. Baker III met with him in September at the U.N. General Assembly in New York.
California's press shield law, which forbids holding reporters in contempt for withholding confidential sources or unpublished material, provides ironclad protection in civil cases, the court said in a unanimous decision.
The dock contains five blocks of five-story, red-brick and cast-iron warehouses surrounding a 7-acre "courtyard" of water.
Their failure to share information is more than a bureaucratic tangle.
It hopes to treble its volume of communications business through its association with France Telecom.
At the end of the two years, he says, an undiversified portfolio that held just one or the other investment would have a cumulative return of zero.
Democratic Assemblyman Norman Waters began a vigil Friday in the Assembly chambers.
For starters, be aware of what these performance numbers really represent.
Six men survived 40 hours in the Pacific Ocean by fashioning a makeshift raft out of buoys and nets from their sunken fishing boat, the Coast Guard said.
Japan's robust economy has yet to show signs of inflation.
KEITH HARING ESTATE settled a lawsuit against Playboy.
Some funds are allowed to take bull and bear positions in a range of financial instruments, and even in agricultural commodities, where there is a perceived opportunity for profit.
Meanwhile, Mr. Walsh's staff is evaluating how it will gather information it needs from President Reagan.
His home number is unlisted.
One juvenile was in custody and warrants were issued for a second juvenile and Darryl Wilson, 22, of Denver, she said.
The Army, by comparison, would have half of its top 14 acquisition programs terminated next year and its budget slashed nearly 15% by the fall of 1994.
His first financial success came was the Servitron Robot, a vinyl, 4-feet-tall, remote-control toy that serves drinks at parties.
He said the investigation would be turned over to the Will County state's attorney's office.
Last month was the city's coldest and snowiest December on record, pushing Syracuse's snowfall for the decade to 1,075 inches, according to meteorologist Peter Jung.
If they can do what they did in this court, nobody is safe in the courts." Bradley was arrested March 4 while leaving a grocery store. Security guards testified during his trial that they saw Bradley eating several handfuls of grapes while shopping.
The Richmond, Va., company filed a report with the Securities and Exchange Commission last Friday about the court's reversal, and said it was "evaluating its options.
Saudi Arabia's readiness to compromise and the involvement of several Gulf heads of state underlined how seriously Opec takes the threat to its position.
Polish living standards dropped sharply in the early 1980s and still have not climbed back to the level of a decade ago.
This can hold up shipped cargo, and given the long and complicated Mexican custom procedures, add significantly to costs.
The new company's chairman would be Craig Wiggins, currently chairman of Foote Cone's European operations, and its vice chairman would be Gerard Pedraglio, a top Publicis executive.
The Soviets still operate about 100 such subs.
Frank Joseph Smithart, 19, apologized for the vandalism and pleaded guilty to two counts of second-degree criminal mischief for defacing the entrances to the two buildings.
However, the gains are so slight that average yields for most maturities are still below the levels of two weeks ago.
How well would an economy already struggling with tight credit conditions and weak consumer spending bear the added burden of a tax increase?
But the most controversial section of the legislation was the plan to overhaul the law that blocks new products with any element of futurity from trading on a securities exchange.
Lantos, 62, a member of the House since 1981, terminated an interview last October and requested that further questions be submitted in writing, the newspaper said.
If flight attendants do strike, the airline said it will keep flying, using about 2,000 managers trained as flight attendants were and 200 newly hired replacements.
On average, the London motorist can expect to pick up only one parking ticket for every 50 infringements.
'And you also wonder whether there really are that many opportunities out there in the first place.' THERE is no better measure of Saudi Arabia's business buoyancy than its stock market.
Wold calls itself the nation's biggest distributor of syndicated television programming to independent TV stations and transmits news for Japanese companies.
Jaruzelski's vote to lift the ban on Solidarity concluded his dramatic change of course in the past eight years.
Ceremonies took place at the Decorative Arts Museum, which is honoring the whimsical dog with a retrospective featuring Snoopy memorabilia.
Private investment funds will be created to manage and invest the vouchers on behalf of the public.
But they could overcome an impasse that has thwarted peace efforts since a shaky first truce collapsed last summer.
The two-story frame farm house and the surrounding 25 acres in suburban Mount Pleasant had been slated for part of a residential development, but a citizens group known as Friends of Historic Snee Farm took title to the property over the weekend.
Battle lines are drawn again, however, with two Cuban-Americans already in the race on the Republican side, state Sen. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and millionaire banana importer Carlos Perez, a prominent supporter of former President Reagan and Lt.
UK universities are internationally renowned for the quality of education they give the top 30 per cent of academic achievers.
Only one committee member, Sen. Howard Metzenbaum, D-Ohio, voted against Dunne's confirmation.
Ahmed Shah, a guerrilla designated by the rebel alliance to head an all-rebel interim government, stood in the 95-degree heat and told the crowd his administration would soon move into Afghanistan. He gave no deadline.
The coroner's office ruled after an autopsy was performed on the woman's headless body, basing its findings on the opinions of toxicologists and a pathologist contracted by Riverside County, Cupido said.
Ms. Rossi said someone had called the airline's London office and said a bomb was on board the aircraft.
"You can always pick some number and say, `Is this enough, or is this too little?"' he said.
Makoto Utsumi, vice minister for international affairs, said the ministry didn't in any way suggest to Japanese banks that they stay out of the UAL Corp. leveraged buy-out.
As the dollar surged to an eight-month high in Tokyo, the Bank of Japan said it will take appropriate action with other industrialized nations if necessary to curb its strength.
Mossinghoff acknowledged that "a subliminal purpose (for the press conference) is to let elder Americans know that it is important for the FDA to have adequate funding" to review these new drugs.
"We need to keep on promoting socialism." Mr. Cronin, a mild-mannered white poet, burrowed into the SACP underground during his university days.
The company's stock tumbled this summer when the company reported lower-than-expected earnings.
For these causes the people of Great Britain, the United States and other Allied nations have for 44 years made enormous sacrifices to keep our alliance strong and our military ready.
Some people believe that if the economy really falls apart, the party might reach out to a New Deal/Great Society candidate.
BAA, the operator of Britain's seven biggest airports, is offering 455 pence ($8.13) a share for the 80.2% of Lynton it didn't own before making its bid May 16, valuing the target company at #220 million ($393 million).
The nation's high on Monday was 88 degrees at El Cajon, Calif.
"Consumers definitely don't want any fruit from Chile and we don't offer any fruit from Chile.
Many residents believe the problem in Sindh is beyond the government's control.
Sales in the quarter rose 49%, to 4.70 billion marks ($2.72 billion) from 3.15 billion marks.
It takes a while for managers to become comfortable in using them," says Edward S. Story, a vice president at Plexus Group in Santa Monica, Calif., which is marketing Instinet's Crossing Network.
Kodak's earnings for all of 1989 declined 62 percent to $529 million, or $1.63 per share, compared with $1.40 billion, or $4.31 per share, in 1988.
A healthy economy is the Republicans' "hole card," he says.
The local economy is diversifying, tourism and trade are up and the jobless rate was a relatively low 4.1 percent as of August.
The signing brings Dallas-based EDS to its goal of having 75% of the work it does for GM governed by long-term fixed-price agreements.
But AT&T now is under a regulatory scheme that controls its prices within a prescribed range of "caps" tied to the rate of inflation, not its profits.
Mr. Cook said that he wasn't concerned about a possible takeover of the company.
The Brady plan is causing the accounting value of loans to debt-troubled countries to "catch up with the economic value," Moody's says.
Adolph Coors Co. announced Monday it will introduce a five-gallon disposable container of beer called "Party Ball" later this month.
The 1991 request for the space station represents a 36 percent, or $699 million, increase over the 1990 amount.
The most recent estimates indicate soy ink will cost about one-third more than conventional low-rub ink, but as the demand for it increases, the price could decrease.
London could win but it requires a level of unity and co-operation which has not been seen in recent years." 'My sentiments entirely,' said the sports minister.
Simpson, an economist who has spent ten years in the packaging industry, will be responsible for the collective performance of the group's Newcastle and Thatcham factories.
Of course, calling this Iowa Republican a '60s child is strictly literal.
USDA said sales of sorghum totaled 347,100 tons, the most in the current marketing year.
Eleven of the Channelview victims, including Davis, were employees of Austin Industries.
But the liberalization of the local market will proceed gradually to allow local firms time to adjust to foreign competition, said Lu Dauny Yen, vice chairman of Taiwan's Securities and Exchange Commission.
But Ford says it won't invite reporters to watch the top officials get their checks.
"You have a cyclical industry that is clearly at or near its low," Mr. Long says.
Losing ticket: Republicans Barry Goldwater for president and William Miller for vice president.
Woolworth went up 3/4 to 62 1/4.
"We want you to communicate our concerns to the British government and we request that you advise us of the steps being undertaken by the U.S. government to adress the profound policy implications raised by this egregious deal," the letter said.
Domestic coal production so far this year is 119.8 million tons, 8.1 percent ahead of last year's production at this time.
Only four years ago it sold half its milk operations to Dairy Crest.
In the Napoli pas, and then in a fragment from Le Papillon, he showed a phenomenal facility - a circuit of the stage interspersing racing leaps with tight, clear pirouettes was astonishing.
For the past five years, specialty stores' sales growth has outpaced that of department stores by about 22%, eliciting an almost religious ardor on Wall Street.
Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto will visit China on Feb. 11-14 on her first official trip abroad, the foreign ministry announced Sunday.
"With oil prices supposed to fall, I was looking for new highs in just about every airline stock," Ms. Bockstern said.
Finally, $200 million of preferred stock will be issued to a KKR partnership in exchange for retiring $200 million of an about $600 million bridge loan that KKR has outstanding to RJR.
"It was a non-event, unlike the rest of the market.
Rushdie dropped out of sight soon after Khomeini announced the death sentence on Tuesday on him and Viking, his publishers in Britain and the United States.
Before seeing Fahd, Voronstov met with Moslem Afghan guerrillas, under Saudi sponsorship, in the Taif Mountain resort.
General Motors Corp. will cut about 3,200 production jobs at three plants in February and March because of slow auto sales, the nation's biggest automaker said in another indication of the industry's severe slump.
It is controlled by the National Liberation Front.
When asked how today's scholars might approach an altered version, Mr. Greetham described a form of advanced literary analysis known as Reception Theory, in which "authorial intention has no particular precedence.
The Post has two classes of stock, one controlled by the Graham family and the other traded publicly.
The space institute's 1,500 researchers chose by popular vote its new director, Albert Galeev, 48, also a physicist who was a student of Sagdeev at Novosibirsk University.
Viardo won the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in Fort Worth, Texas, in 1973, and gave concerts in the United States in 1974 and 1975.
About 180 miles north, about 200 people were evacuated from Coahoma County homes as a flood swept through their neighborhoods.
Large companies continued to cut staff, while small companies were increasing the size of their workforce. However, employment expectations for the second quarter are improving.
If he were brilliant, he probably would not be a family doctor in the first place.
Two Arabs in Gaza City were stabbed and beaten by Palestinian activists on suspicion of cooperating with Israeli authorities.
At Drexel he courted RJR Nabisco President F. Ross Johnson, whobegan the bidding war for the food and tobacco giant.
Guerrillas armed with assault rifles killed a West German priest when he tried to rescue another missionary who was being attacked with a hatchet, a church spokesman said Wednesday.
RETAIL U.S. CAR AND LIGHT TRUCK SALES-a 1991 1990 x-% Jun 11-20 Jun 11-20 Chg.
The free agents averaged just a 5% salary increase.
But a fall in world oil prices since 1981, combined with debt payments, has depleted monetary reserves.
The KIO has earlier changed and stopped the flow of funds to Spanish assets. A spokesman for Grupo Torras, the KIO's holding company in Spain, said yesterday: 'We cannot make Prima viable in the present environment'.
The successor is Lewis W. Coleman, 46, a rapidly ascending alumnus of Wells Fargo, BankAmerica's San Francisco rival.
This is where McIlveen also makes sure of legality, environmental considerations and the lender's potential liabilities. 'We like lending to things that are already under way,' he says.
Five minutes later Dunga and Romario combined to set Bebeto through but his shot was blocked. The closest Italian squeak came after 24 minutes when Branco practised his speciality - the bent free-kick - from 25 yards out.
In response to the NRC's suspension of its review of Peach Bottom, Philadelphia Electric will submit a management reorganization plan to the agency by early December, the spokesman said.
The dispatch did not say when the incident occurred.
The ban interferes with the gathering and reporting of truthful and significant information about the political process on election day, the network argued in federal court papers.
Some roughly similar constitutional issues arose, however, in cases in 1976 and 1984 involving challenges by landlords to rent control measures in Berkeley.
In sum, the law might have shot itself in the foot, but it deserves to be shot in the head, along with Mr. Carson's proposal.
At a local gasoline station visited monthly by a part-time Labor Deprtment worker, the manager is nonchalant about his role in compiling one of the government's most important economic indicators.
At that time, government used its muscle to solve the problem; but in the current era of democracy, it can't.
'Instead, they are doing a great deal of research, looking for tactical offers and promotions which may be available.' But trading down by executives is not all gloom for the travel industry.
In 1979, the Washington and Moscow signed SALT II setting limits on long-range nuclear weapons.
Her pitch was always accurate.
He considered Marilyn Monroe and John Wayne before settling on Sinatra.
Pepsi in April withdrew its TV commercial featuring Madonna, saying consumers were confusing the music video with its ad, which contained no religious imagery.
Brokers only expect the market to worsen, as One Peachtree Center and two other large towers add 3.6 million square feet, or 31% more space, to the market by 1993.
Cray cited competitive and economic conditions for delays in obtaining contracts for systems to be installed this year.
If more U.S. companies do get back into D-rams, say critics of the consortium idea, Japanese companies will just bring their advantages to bear on other chip products and markets, making a more wide-ranging industrial policy necessary.
IBM says it has sold about 100,000 "Mammals" disks, at $99 to schools and libraries and $149 for consumers.
The ability of Tory managers to anaesthetise those who show the slightest sign of revolt is well-known.
They also said they preferred diplomatic, rather than military, efforts to resolve the crisis.
It faces the immense challenge of pulling Algeria out of a crisis brought on by the plummeting price of oil, which represents 97 percent of the country's export earnings.
He declined to predict when Digital would produce a workstation based on that product.
Seven of the Georgia charges against Brown stem from his arrest last Sept. 24 by the Richmond County Sheriff's Department.
Nor has the flow of rights issues upset share prices to date. However, most strategists agree that share prices will remain vulnerable until there is further indication that the UK economy is securely on the recovery trail.
The association took other anti-smoking steps, including a call for statutory prohibitions against billboard advertising for tobacco products.
Nearly every other developed country has given up on the market as a means of dispensing health care.
As previously reported, the tender offer is slated to expire June 2 at midnight EDT.
After Gdansk, he retired to the ambassadorship in Brussels.
For that reason, Jesse Jackson wasn't a comfortable choice for them.
Officials said they also are planning deeper than expected cuts in government spending next year, in an effort to curtail the expected inflationary effects of higher oil prices.
Representative offices have not been allowed in the past to carry out full banking business.
"If true it would be troubling," he said. "It would violate the spirit of the House.
International Business Machines Corp. was awarded a $24.8 million Air Force contract for satellite support.
This budget achieves that goal and complies with the spending limits set by the economic summit.
She said many people who know the two and their families were concerned about their well-being and think they are being dragged through the mud.
In animal tests, the liposome vaccine produced "significantly" more antibodies than did a vaccine alone, says Philip Livingston, a Sloan-Kettering researcher.
Mr. Blanc later created nearly all the famous voices in the Looney Tunes universe, basing each on the physical characteristics and personality of the creature presented to him on story boards.
"If they're playing baseball here, I'm watching. The Cubs could swap their whole team for minor leaguers and I'd still come out," said he.
The first two tales unfold from the point of view of small boys learning the oldest lesson in the book, that humans pay a price when their desire or greed interrupts nature's course.
Why not simply start the women's groups and skip the loans and entrepreneurship?
Moore, a Republican who was governor from 1969 to 1977 and again from 1985 to 1989, is the second West Virginia governor to serve a prison term.
In the British case, targeting the south of England, it worked, but the US is a much bigger place. A common thread of the US electoral comparisons is the insider-outsider contrast.
Chrysler guarantees that if it boosts the rebates before Sept. 30, the automaker will make up the difference to those that bought the vehicles during the current incentive period.
They foster hostile takeovers and an over-reliance on profitability as a yardstick of success. The chapter on Britain offers a rich and complex explanation of why its industry is in decline.
Rostenkowski, in a statement on the new report, said the reduction in tax burdens for the wealthy was "staggering." The CBO conclusion is essentially the same as that in a study by Citizens for Tax Justice that was made public Thursday.
The editors of Glasnost hope to continue publishing, but they are having trouble getting needed equipment and offices.
In the first two months of this year alone, Ms. Moore arranged $1.3 billion of credit for three big companies that entered Chapter 11 proceedings.
When he finishes his secondary education, Vicente will receive the principal in the fund, which could be put toward college or starting a business.
Philippine Sen. Aquilino Pimentel said the travel advisory was meant to show that the Philippines has falled into "anarchy and chaos" to justify moving the talks outside the country.
Later attempts by two helicopters to reach the glacier were also unsuccessful, Ehret said.
Ships unload their cargo into the pipeline for transport to an inland oil refinery.
But Ginnie Maes and other mortgage-backed securities were unchanged to slightly higher, bolstered by demand associated with two large new offerings of Remics, or real estate mortgage investment conduits.
He wasn't going to reason with anyone.
We'll look forward to a visit." Edited highlights of the program were broadcast later Monday on the BBC's English-language World Services.
So despite his book's subtitle, he does not restrict himself to the immediate postwar period because the Cold War's origins lie further back, most particularly, in the doctrines and personalities of the Bolshevik state.
One measure closely watched by analysts as a barometer of the economy's strength, new orders for nondefense capital goods, rose 1.3% to $30.15 billion in October after climbing 0.7% the month before.
This is an understandable pairing.
By official count, about 200 people were killed and more than 1,700 others injured.
Congress defied the political odds to pass a fundamental tax-overhaul bill.
The Rhode Island Democrat received only a single $5,000 contribution in the first half of this year despite the threat of a strong Republican opponent for the first time in nearly two decades.
Colombia and Malaysia will be Nos. 10 and 11.
The Democratic governor said he met privately Wednesday with Texas oilman Robert Mosbacher, a longtime Bush associate selected by the Republican president-elect to be commerce secretary in his administration.
"Maybe some of us were a little arrogant at times," conceded one Chase investment banker.
The state Health Department said Sunday it is paying several AIDS-infected prostitutes not to have sex.
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading, High Voltage closed at $17.625, down 37.5 cents.
It allows abortions if a woman's doctor deems a patient is in "a state of distress." Opponents say this in fact makes abortion available on demand.
Environmentalists are trying to discourage the bank and other international lending institutions from putting money into Third World development projects considered harmful to the environment or native peoples.
The 66-year-old, auburn-haired "Red Barron" was narrowly defeated in the Democratic primary on Tuesday.
Rogers began his career in the 1960s performing as a back-up guitarist and later toured as a folk singer. "Through the early and mid '70s, I kept expanding the introductions to my songs," he said.
Consumer and business confidence have sunk over the summer as growth has dwindled.
Gore would take 56 of his party's delegates with 14 for Jackson.
That will require a shake-up of the government.
Others resigned themselves to staying.
Another 2,000 guardsmen are in some stage of preparedness.
Micek said officers examined the records of a number of fires and noticed that Marts had been at the scene of several. "It just clicked," Micek said.
Ultimately, Miss Aggeles said she aspires to a career on Broadway and in film.
Mr. Miercort, 47 years old, succeeds Robert E. Murray, 48, who was dismissed.
The government first acknowledged the Hanford problems publicly in 1986, although much information about radiation releases there is still classified as secret.
Engines for either the 747 or the MD-11 are available from GE, Pratt & Whitney and Rolls-Royce PLC, a London-based maker of aircraft engines.
Peretz says Israel should tighten its Law of Return, which affords automatic citizenship to all Jewish immigrants.
Meanwhile, as Barnett awaited the SEC's green-light on the offering, its shares slid several points to below what it considered an acceptable offering price.
Here I was, I had just done `The Cosby Show.'
Unlike the standard 110-volt bulb, these could be run off a car or truck battery.
MCI currently offers basic long-distance and telex services.
A definitive contract between Faberge's owner, Riklis Family Corp., and Unilever United States Inc., the holding company for Unilever's American operations, has been signed and the transaction is expected to be completed within 30 days.
We would like to do more, but it would be wrong to rely on government funding alone. The industry, which stands to reap the direct financial benefits, must also play an active role.
The pesticide, in wide agricultural use in the 1950s and 1960s, built up in the food chain killing many wild birds. Environmentalists hailed the recovery as a triumph for the 1973 Endangered Species Act, now before Congress for re-authorisation.
"At least, it gave the market a psychological boost," said one equity trader.
The situation was being watched "on through the night" by staff at both the State Department and National Security Council, said Fitzwater.
After some discussion, he said, Mr. Casey suggested Secretary of State George Shultz could approach a third country for the money.
It is understood Mr de Klerk opposes the idea of a deputy presidency, insisting on a more equal relationship between the leader of the majority party and others within the coalition.
She said only two of about 150 candidates supported by the ultra-right nationalist group Pamyat survived the first round.
"We bought the team to get good tickets, not make more money."
"What I've been told is the campaign will see what it looks like tonight and the senator will talk to his advisers to see what direction the campaign will take," Mulligan said.
Foreign Minister Shimon Peres, head of the center-left Labor Party, demanded Monday that the PLO present a clear-cut position.
Pravda described the accident scene as being one of "brief panic," but said medical workers from Moscow and nearby Gorky were immediately notified and asked for help.
Still, the polls contained chiefly good news for Dukakis as he looks ahead to November.
The winner should be announced by late October.
"There is now an immense hole in amateur surfing on the West Coast because he was really the crankshaft of organized surfing on the West Coast," said Surfer magazine publisher Steve Pezman. "The sport will miss him.
It's possible, but there is no reason to expect such an outcome.
"They're a big trap," says Laura Freid, publisher and editor-in-chief of Bostonian magazine.
"Our relationship is terminated," Mr. Ryan said in a telephone interview.
Foster Wheeler Power is a designer, builder and operator of waste-to-energy and cogeneration plants.
Relations between the two countries have sunk to their lowest point in years.
They have their political problems, too.
Pilots managed to maneuver the plane down into the Sioux City airport by using thrust from the two remaining engines.
A spokesman for Affiliated said that Mason Hawkins, who heads the investment firm, "has in the past been supportive of management" and that he didn't know why Southeastern had changed its stance.
The Royal Shakespeare Co. in Stratford, for example, offers balcony seats for as little as $7.50 _ a move that financial controller Wilkinson said balanced out the "superseat" prices.
Before considering the desirability or feasibility of a World EMS, let us briefly review the essence of the EMS and its achievements.
Mazursky highlights the comedy with real-life cameo appearances. Sammy Davis Jr. sings for the carnival, Ike Pappas plays a television reporter.
Upwardly mobile individuals in LDCs behave in ways not unlike middle-class consumers everywhere.
Prominent opposition activists are frequently expelled to West Germany.
Census workers will wear special vests so they can be identified and receive safety training and travel in groups, she explained. But they will not be accompanied by police.
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev acknowledged again on Tuesday that the two Germanys had a right to unify.
The picturesque moments, including the Butterfly Dance, the Chair Dance, and the Canaries, are drawn with skill and delight.
While many people, including Mr. Gorbachev and President Yeltsin, have been interviewed by the investigators, charges were lodged only against those who actually planned the coup and not those who supported it politically, Mr. Stepankov said.
But Loc, who grew up in a two-story house on the affluent west side of Los Angeles and went to University High School and Santa Monica College, had to travel by bus to the city's tough south side to get his reputation.
She was 12 feet down the pipe, said Sharon Pittman, mother of four of the boys.
Separately, a three-judge federal appeals panel temporarily blocked another independent counsel from asking a grand jury to indict former White House aide Michael Deaver on perjury charges.
The Fed's latest actions involve requests from Citicorp, the nation's largest banking concern; Chase Manhattan Corp. and Bankers Trust New York Corp.
In Indonesia, Mrs. Quayle will travel from the capital to learn about coping with volcanic eruptions, and in Singapore, she'll find out about cleaning up oil spills.
Completion of the transaction is expected within 30 days, Danaher said.
The United States and France, Haiti's two main donors, helped bring about Avril's ouster and have said financial aid will be restored under a democratic government.
Wells Rich's entry into the international arena, however, comes as Mrs. Lawrence is pulling herself further out of the day-to-day operations of the agency.
In March, EPLF guerrillas broke through a 10-year-old front south of their headquarters in Nacfa and overran the government-held town of Afabet, capturing three Soviet military advisers in the process.
Zevulun Hammer of the National Religious Party, religious affairs minister, said earlier Monday he was trying to find common ground.
Rounding out the top 10 were Detroit, Boston, Dallas, Washington and Houston.
He was repeatedly thwarted by the president, governors and some ministers.
Hundreds of students hurling firebombs and rocks fought riot police in Seoul and two other cities today to protest the arrest of a fugitive radical student leader.
But even though the worst has passed, the airline's reputation for shoddy service continues to haunt it, and many service problems remain intractable.
The building apparently was owned by a company in which Coe has part interest, Moncier said.
But six months after German unity, most experts agree that many of the east's factories are in much worse shape than anyone imagined they would be.
Moreover, many investors simply don't realize they hold junk-bond funds.
The Justice Department, meanwhile, asked authorities in Switzerland, France, Luxembourg and Britain to freeze bank accounts in which Noriega is believed to have stashed millions of dollars in illegal drug profits.
Meese is expected to testify at the trial at federal court in Manhattan.
He refused to talk about partisan politics because of the sensitivity of his position.
The driver ran into a police station to escape the crowd that pursued him, but enraged citizens stormed the station, dragged him out and beat him unconscious, the state radio reported.
As performed by the Ailey dancers, it looks even less appealing, since they do not offer the classic securities with which such ABT artists as Natalya Makarova and Erik Bruhn redeemed choreographic blatancies.
Light rain fell along the New England coastline early today and a wave of severe thunderstorms lashed the Midwest.
There has been much speculation recently that the next step in the Wall Street investigations will be to move beyond insider trading to broader questions such as market manipulation and tax evasion.
None of the discovered planets could actually be seen by the astronomers because they are blotted out by the brightness of the stars.
Armenian deputy Lyudmilla Arytyunyan told reporters all 14 Armenians present voted against it.
But we decided the opposite, to open more to political competition and to advances in democracy.
That was in 1985.
Mattea is the reigning singer.
The town may be dying, and though the mall out by the interstate and the Wal-Mart at the edge of town may be providing a commercial alternative to the town, they still haven't replaced the commerce and cohesion of town life.
Dow Jones industrials 2983.68, up 7.16; transportation 1217.12, up 10.66; utilities 211.82, up 0.82.
The male stars get to dress up like sheiks, ride camels and tell jokes that play off their real-life personas.
ICN shares fell 62.5 cents Friday to close at $6.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
The Blue Arrow affair "undoubtedly has cast a shadow" over County NatWest, said Lord Alexander, who appeared frazzled after a week of crisis.
"The signals are so mixed that no one is taking a firm view one way or another," he said.
He was my one connection to the community. Otherwise, we were outcasts," Wiener said.
Britain today pledged to contribute to a U.S.-organized fund to share costs of the Persian Gulf operation against Iraq, and Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the European portion of his fund-raising tour a success.
Competitiveness is based on the effectiveness of the innovation process as a whole.
Though the Chevrolet Corvette has had a plastic body for years, the Lumina, Trans Sport and Silhouette still represent a big gamble for GM.
The charges amount to "a house of cards delicately balanced on a series of unprecedented reinterpretations of House rules," they argued.
It's got a large and unwieldy cast, with a confusing setup of part-time hosts (Mr. Garagiola, for example, is just on Tuesdays to Thursdays) and none of them are what the show really needs.
He has been transferring money in his general portfolio from south-east Asia to Latin America for the past four months.
Another reason bond and stock traders should watch commodity prices is because the Federal Reserve does, says Mr. Murphy.
But so far, he declares, there's little evidence the "new urgency" is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring.
The expense and logistics of distributing the water - bottled water must be purchased - has prompted the military to begin using water taken from oasis wells and processed from the sea.
Two other Americans arrived from Iraq on Wednesday.
"There's enormous potential out there for every city in the country," says Mayor Joseph Petruzzi of Bellmawr, N.J., which is fighting two such suits.
After walking from his wheelchair to a row of microphones 15 feet away, Brady, known to his friends as "Bear," pronounced himself ready for work.
Shortly after the deposit was made, the businessman transferred the money out of Credit Suisse and invested it in a certificate of deposit at a second Swiss bank, where it has accumulated an estimated $253,000 in interest, Mr. Belnick said.
"In the long run, the situation we have now isn't good for anyone _ even the members of the iron triangle," Reagan said. "Fundamentally, the American people know what's up, and they don't like it.
Maeda did not attend Monday's meeting.
AIM quoted the missionaries as saying all the deaths occurred in Memba, 240 miles south of the border with Tanzania.
Nigeria is a major exporter of oil to this country.
Former Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega paid his first visit to the United States since his election defeat last February and admitted he made many mistakes while in power.
Since that time, the federal government has faced increasing public pressure from East Malaysians to make something of the island.
The transaction was "renegotiated" after Park Plaza conducted a physical inspection and analysis of all the properties, the spokesman said.
"Keep your eye on the state finances," says John Marino, New York's Democratic chairman and a close Cuomo adviser.
PETA says it doesn't advocate violence but wouldn't be surprised if more incidents occur.
No single party garnered more than 13% of the vote.
Its stock, which went public at $21 a share in late April, closed yesterday at $24.125, off 25 cents, in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
Popov, a judge who is a member of neither leading faction, was chosen to lead a new government after strikes and protests forced Socialist Premier Andrei Lukanov and his government of former Communists to quit late last month.
Mr. Eastwood said that the company hasn't decided what it will charge and that California utility regulators must approve the fees.
Can the company turn the failures round while insulating the successes from recession?
Former RCA employee Leonard Kampf and current RCA employee Ronald Stevens each pleaded guilty to one felony count and face sentencing April 6.
Ward Bushee became executive editor of the Reno Gazette-Journal on July 16, replacing Charlie Waters, who resigned.
This domestic morass also has become linked to the beginnings of a foreign-policy problem.
The lumbering Japan Air Lines 747 drones over bustling Grant County Mall on its landing approach, the most dramatic sign that this remote little town has survived and prospered since Larson Air Force Base closed in 1966.
Mahallati's letter said "Iraqi forces ambushed our patrols" near Baneh, in the central sector of the front, 20 miles from the border with Iraq and about 310 miles west of Tehran.
A ConAgra spokesman said the final agreement probably will include a provision for purchase of the entire Swift operation within four years.
Out of total production till March of 44.12m kg south India contributed 29.85m kg, which was 10m kg lower than the crop in the first quarter of 1991.
Ms. Culver was in stable condition suffering from exhaustion, exposure and sunburn but was sleeping and doing well, Wannamaker said.
Volume was light in contrast to the previous week's activity in which about 1 billion shares traded hands in the busiest week in more than a year.
But in any deal Noriega works out, he would likely demand a promise that he not be extradited to the United States.
Up to 400 guerrillas participated in the pre-dawn attack on the civil defense post in Zaragoza, 10 miles south of San Salvador, an army sergeant said.
The Reagan administration's latest stated estimate of the budget deficit for all of the current fiscal year is $146.74 billion, but many private analysts predict a gap in the $160 billion to $175 billion range.
A huge turnout among the 7.4 million registered voters slowed balloting at many polling places and could delay definitive tallies, authorities said.
Under the measure, the arrest authority for Border Patrol agents has been expanded from immigration law violations to other crimes, including suspected drug activity.
It said the Kay stores, mostly on the East and West Coasts and in Texas, would fit in well with Sterling Inc., a U.S. jewelry retailer that Ratners acquired in 1987 for $203 million.
"Some people like to talk about this, others don't," she replied.
A leading Republican senator accused fellow GOP lawmakers and conservatives Tuesday of "downright deliberate deceit" in attacks on a major child care package and said the Republican alternative paled in comparison.
The Panamanian Defense Forces in turn condemned the blockade, during which Panamanian troops trained anti-aircraft weapons on U.S. helicopters circling overhead.
The Kremlin chief, who was responsible for agriculture before becoming party general secretary, frequently has consulted with Razumovsky on farm policy.
The commission didn't indicate whether it would seek to appeal the decision to the Supreme Court of Canada.
It wasn't known who, if anyone, the guns were leveled upon.
More spending on health and education would be likely.
The drugstore chain reacted cautiously, saying the plan would further swell its huge debt, which forced the company into Chapter 11 protection last year.
But the foreign and domestic challenges facing the United States remain as great as ever.
Pax World Fund avoids the top 100 defense contractors but accepts companies that do business in South Africa.
Two trailer parks were evacuated, Iberville Parish officials said.
The dollar closed at 150.30 yen, down 1.38 yen from Tuesday's 151.68-yen finish.
Mr. Bush said yesterday he will talk about health care next Tuesday, but details aren't expected until a Feb. 6 speech, officials said.
About 4,200 people in 10 cities were injured in Thursday's storm, which caused an estimated $40 million in damage in the hardest-hit city of Luzhou.
"If I had a bad heart, it would have given me a heart attack," Mrs. Davis said.
For many institutions, it's a drain on their resources and a distraction from their main business.' Fixed-price contracts generally profit both parties.
She is Gail Palmer-Slater, 35, of Port Huron, Mich., a business entrepreneur and former porn film producer who had written Thompson several weeks earlier saying she wanted to meet him.
But the selling in that prominent stock did not spread to other blue-chip and technology issues.
Certainly someone needs to wake up, but it isn't the voters.
Yesterday, Standard & Poor's Corp. lowered ratings on Federal Express's $200 million of commercial paper to A-3 from A-2, citing "near-term liquidity pressure" from the restructuring.
But a craftsman such as Ransom spends several days, sometimes weeks, on a single instrument.
While there appeared to be no damage to electrical or electronic systems, "we won't know for sure until we power up the vehicle," Utsman said.
Mr. Necci replies that after a capital increase and the share offering, the company's debt should equal equity.
The testing is the result of an executive order by President Reagan two years ago directing the government to produce a drug-free workplace.
Saunders obtained the information from former Navy procurement official George G. Stone, who pleaded guilty to participating in the scheme, and passed it along to defense consultant Thomas E. Muldoon.
And our bill would make Congress come clean with the American taxpayer as to the real cost of punitive trade legislation.
None was among the 81,000 people who saw the exhibit.
Disney, 45, also served as Sunday editor at the Daily News before becoming editor-in-chief of Self and US magazines.
"Windows cannot be opened without a screen to keep flies and bacteria from coming in freely," Vice Education Minister He Dongchang said in a recent interview.
Manuel Sanchez, director of the Center for Economic Research and Analysis, a private think tank, said in an interview that short-term anxiety will ease if investors see that the government is negotiating a solid, long-term agreement on the debt.
There also were reports of a government plan to introduce subsidies to encourage Japanese to buy imported cars.
Mayor David Dinkins condemned "eye for an eye" violence after a gang of blacks attacked three Vietnamese they mistook for Koreans, fracturing one man's skull blocks from a black boycott of two Korean stores.
Then bang, back down to depression.
Showers and thunderstorms fell Saturday across the eastern United States after violent storms that included tornadoes in four states.
The massive complex was completed 1,000 days later, standing in the heart of historic Berlin, its block-like dimensions and huge Communist insignia - a hammer and drafting compass - an eyesore to many.
He was held 19 days in 1971 and another 583.
Although the truce effectively collapsed one week later, with both sides swapping accusations of military attacks, government and rebel representatives continued to hold sporadic peace talks in Zaire until last week.
Soldiers later were seen breaking into houses and ordering residents to clear rocks from the streets.
The new test is based on a portion of the protein that makes up the outer jacket of the AIDS virus.
A successful override later this year in the Democratic-controlled Assembly would clear the way for the electric chair to be put back into use in the nation's second largest state. California already has the death penalty.
The Los Angeles Times, also citing an anonymous source, reported that the Philippine government asked that American planes bomb rebel-held air bases, fuel dumps and a seaborne freighter.
Robert D. Bodily, 33, was held today without bail at the San Bernardino County Jail for investigation of attempted murder of police Sgt. Ron Schwenka, said police Sgt. Dan Hernandez.
But the county of 9,000 people has had trouble keeping young doctors in the area.
Police spokesman Kerri du Rand said officials feared the building could collapse.
He made no comment, other than to point out the White House had issued a statement about Khomeini.
In 1973, the kidnappers of J. Paul Getty III, grandson of the late U.S. oil billionaire, cut off one of his ears and sent it to a Rome newspaper.
In 1789, John Adams was sworn in as the first vice president of the United States.
A geomagnetic storm is sweeping over the Earth and may interfere with satellite, radio and telephone communications, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported Friday.
A few hours later, the government announced that retail prices had risen at just under 3 3/4 per cent in the 12 months to July. Taken separately, these two figures are unremarkable.
The latest victim of the turbulent junk bond market may be the $225 million leveraged buyout of Michaels Stores Inc., analysts said.
In its revised bid Community Psychiatric offered $4.50 a share for HealthVest, plus contingent payments, down from $6 a share.
Previously only fragments of such an animal had been uncovered, the report said.
The rational response to these factors, and to the reversion of Hong Kong to Chinese rule in 1997, would seem to be global expansion.
An upgraded consumer complaint monitoring and tracking system.
In addition to the surging orders, Boeing attributed its earnings rise to lower new-business expense in areas such as research and development, which dropped to $382 million for the first six months, compared with $399 million for the year-ago period.
The National Party, despite gains made by white leftist and rightist forces, expects to retain power in Wednesday's parliamentary voting, but it probably will suffer its biggest losses since coming to power 41 years ago.
William T. Sherman continued his March to the Sea.
The action makes it more likely that high-definition television technology will develop differently in the U.S., Japan and Europe.
Then they recruited what seemed to be every senior-citizens organization in the state to say that a Thornburgh ad touting his record helping older people was riddled with inaccuracies.
Police arrested 22 Jewish youths who were among a crowd of about 100 that moved toward Arab east Jerusalem, police spokesman Uzi Sandori said.
It is just as important that any new DG can stand up to bullying from the likes of Mick Newmarch, the Pru's rumbustious boss, as from the Office of Fair Trading. Hard to imagine who would fit the bill given the ABI's current structure.
It's the key to good and productive lives, they say.
After resisting pressure for months, Audi of America Inc. said it agreed to comply with a government request to recall Audi 5000 series cars to correct possible problems of sudden, unintended acceleration.
But this news also sparked fresh hopes that inflation will remain in check, triggering a rally in Treasury bonds and pushing short-term interest rates down slightly.
Iraq did not offer such a letter, but the secretary-general said both countries told him they would restrain their armed forces.
One ad, no longer used by PCA, talked of $15,000 to $30,000 "with no additional work." Much of the advertising has cooled, partly in response to criticism.
Laboratory tests found the same typewriter was used to address the envelopes and to fill out Ms. Russell's application to the Justice Department in 1983.
By splitting up the population by race and, through a host of other apartheid legislation, assigning nonwhites to lower positions in society, the white minority could continue in power.
We're still taking a very cautious view. Even if tension does ease, we don't think the price of oil will come back much.
The awards will be given during the second annual Grammy Legends Tribute, a two-hour primetime CBS-TV special for broadcast later this year.
The pullout began five days after a Nov. 19 deadline set by Hrawi in his effort to create a militia-free zone in the so-called "Greater Beirut" area.
Senate leader Byrd promises to offer Rep. Gephardt's amendment if nobody else will.
A sales tax increase appears to be the fastest and easiest to raise funds in a hurry.
President Virgilio Barco revived Colombia's extradition treaty with the United States, where the top cocaine lords are wanted on drug charges.
The process of post-crash reforms began with calls to remake the markets and wound up a year later with a series of rather technical adjustments.
According to the television report, the IRA members were in possession of false identity papers and detonators when they were picked up on July 14.
"There's still a lot to be done between now and April 30," the date Hills could call for retaliatory measures, Torie Clarke, a U.S. Trade Office spokeswoman said Hills told Nakayama.
But P&G officials say they soon will sell in Britain a more biodegradable diaper, one with a plastic backsheet made with cornstarch.
AT&T Chairman Robert E. Allen said administrative costs are rising too rapidly and he wants to emphasize sales growth.
In the first 26 weeks of 1990, nearly five times more cases were diagnosed in Washington than during all of 1989, when 55 measles cases were reported, state health officials said.
He appeals to readers who like their Tchaikovsky in the grand tradition, untainted by deconstruction, Marxism, feminism, or those analysts for whom historical context is irrelevant and the works' autonomous greatness a fiction.
Credit Agricole and Banque Nationale de Paris, both French, come in at No. 8 and No. 9, while Citicorp rounds out the top 10. Overall, 28 of the world's 100 largest banks are Japanese; 13 are American.
But with yesterday's victory by Henlys in the battle of the motor traders - following hot on the heels of Manders' successful defence against fellow paint maker Kalon - the predators' lot is not proving an easy one.
Tickets were on sale here for three Bruce Springsteen concerts later this month.
Thought for today: "How do most people live without any thoughts?
The General Electric Company had a look at the business earlier this year, but was not prepared to pay enough.
But the sideline has its pitfalls.
Under a so-called master contract between Firestone and the URW, concessions at any plant must be approved by the other plants in the master agreement.
The company said it couldn't explain why its stock has fallen further than the rest of the market.
ARD-TV said the East Germans were arriving with "huge hopes." It showed the couple crossing the border in their wedding finery.
Government-sponsored enterprises, or GSEs, are private corporations chartered by the federal government to channel credit to agricultural, housing and student borrowers.
If the base was shut down, says Antonio Navarro, an official at the Socialist-run city hall, "I'd open a Disney World there.
President Reagan earlier had asked federal agencies to cut that time "by at least a third."
The company said it hoped to obtain other financing, including an arrangement of up to $1.25 billion of preferred stock financing by Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp.
American businesses, worried about a recession, plan a barely perceptible 0.4 percent increase in spending to modernize in 1991, the most pessimistic outlook for business investment in five years.
Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation yesterday announced its second investment in Chinese container ports in 10 days. The group is to take a controlling stake in the Yangtze river port of Zhangjiagang.
Home buying activity has remained lackluster since then, say realtors and builders.
An 11 percent decline in domestic demand and a 17 percent drop in the British market also contributed to the lower profits, the report said.
Prosecutors, over Buie's objection, used the running suit as evidence at his trial.
He said he never discussed this legal question "in a formal way" with Mr. Meese, but testified they "conceivably" discussed the matter at "various" points.
They are tough." Miss Marimo's family frets, to no avail.
He said the policy of moving Iraqis from remote villages to larger towns is not limited to Kurdistan.
Mike Hough, director of the Institute for Strategic Studies at University of Pretoria, suggested that some ANC leaders might prefer that Mandela die in jail.
In the past, the president's aloof management style often deflected criticism onto his advisers, but the report strongly suggests that Mr. Reagan's own failings encouraged the excesses of his aides.
Trains are jammed, with people often riding on the roofs.
The sign along Interstate 91, which went up in November, has caused at least 17 people to write letters of complaint to the resort.
David V. Wachs, chairman, was named chief executive of this maker of women's clothing.
A few firefighters can knock down a small blaze that might be impossible to control if left alone, he noted.
The Belzbergs' advances threw Arvin's management into turmoil.
The foot-dragging is not simply an innate conservatism.
Pozsgay shot up in popular esteem last January when he became the first public leader to proclaim that the 1956 revolt was a popular uprising and not a counterrevolution, as it had officially been termed for more than 32 years.
Two utilities wishing to make a trade each would have to send the EPA an electronic notice of the transaction.
"Then they might be entitled to look to us for concrete assistance," Hyde said.
Officially, western German gross national product rose by an inflation-adjusted 3.1% in 1991.
It hopes to have about 4,000 members by the end of the year.
"I think interest rates are going to be a lot lower by year's end," said Frederick W. Zuckerman, vice president and treasurer of Chrysler Corp.
Government party chairman Park Tae-jun told a news conference today that the issue of adopting a parliamentary system would be discussed by a 15-member working committee to be formed Wednesday.
Standard could also staying away from securities and concentrate on safer businesses like trade finance at which it excels.
But there is great skepticism about the measures enacted so far.
As long as there is no loss of amenity and good use is made of existing public transport, developers can make residential developments profitable.
It is the largest such event ever organized in Poland.
"Baseball is a kind of theater: they have a lot in common." Mr. Nederlander is one of five brothers and a sister, most of whom are closely involved with the family business, run primarily from New York and Detroit.
The Nikkei Stock Average closed at 27,767.58 points, down 52.40 points, on the Tokyo Stock Exchange on Wednesday.
FAA Administrator James B. Bussey said the airline now meets the agency's safety standards.
After a six to nine-month delay in getting its graphics computer ready, CST says that, at last, the system is in production testing.
The first is that the treaty signed in Maastricht did not envisage that Britain would participate in the social chapter.
Federal securities regulators have questioned MAI Basic Four Inc. about possible violations of stock margin requirements in its hostile bid for Prime Computer Inc., MAI Basic confirmed Monday.
Our unemployment benefits show what a caring society we have and mark us out from the poor.
Estimates of the value of the offers have differed widely.
These comments were harvested by the Daily News, which quoted sources as saying that a reception for 200 people was planned at the Helmsley Palace Hotel.
On the Commodity Exchange in New York, gold for April delivery rose $1.70 an ounce to $419.70 in moderate trading estimated at three million ounces.
Reductions this year will come through a combination of layoffs and attrition, the company said.
Playwright Terrence McNally was voted the Emmy for writing in a miniseries or special for "Andre's Mother," a drama about AIDS.
A student, David B. Clark, in the University of Minnesota's Tax Law Clinic argued the winning appeal.
The senator had once said she would retire after two terms and her announcement came after prolonged speculation that she would stick to that plan.
"In a way I was relieved.
But after the first year, borrowers will be able to convert the new loans from an ARM to a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage from the 13th month through the 60th month of the loan.
No country in the hemisphere gets more U.S. assistance than El Salvador, which President Reagan has held up as an example of success in Washington's avowed policy of fostering democracy in Latin America.
Roger Natan, a mechanical engineering professor at Ben-Gurion University in Beersheba, has spent 12 years developing the system in which muscles are electrically stimulated by electrodes hooked to a computer.
General Motors Corp., Ford Motor Co. and to a lesser extent Chrysler Corp. have engaged in business in Europe for years.
However, Block's successor, Richard E. Lyng, "could care less" about the news sheet, he added.
Joseph Fernandez, former CIA station chief in Costa Rica. Charged with obstruction and making false statements in connection with his assistance to North's Contra resupply network.
We indeed have a mission of high-level businessmen on their way to the Soviet Union right now. They happen to be in Helsinki.
Nixon, on the second day of a private visit as a guest of the government, was briefed on China's "practice of being kind-hearted toward the students while setting strict demands on them," the official Xinhua News Agency said.
The agreement is expected to add a further Ecu62m to the Ecu20m the EC has spent on nuclear safety in Russia and Ukraine so far under the TACIS programme.
Sir Peter added that the Bank of England, which regulates British banks, wants Standard Chartered to do a rights issue.
With a turnover of just under Pounds 100m a year it is not big enough to insist on improvements from its suppliers.
As a consequence, the blue chips extended a decline which had begun in the closing minutes of the previous session, when investors had sensed the bad news to come. However, the downturn paled when compared with the rout in bonds.
Punk rock music blared from windows of buildings, which were covered with the black-and-red flags of Berlin's anarchist movement and slogans and signs denouncing German unity.
A man purporting to speak for the "joint command" of urban guerrillas of the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front called at least one radio station in El Salvador to claim responsibility for the attack.
Mazda has raised the prices on its cars sold in the U.S. nine times since late 1985, when the value of the Japanese yen began climbing against the dollar.
He said the Nicaraguan government chose not to reconsider its decision, and the State Department reciprocated by expelling Vargas and Vigil.
Fair enough, if this means gilts or mortgage bonds.
The case has been turned over to the district attorney's office, Police Chief Bruce Beaty said.
The forensic experts said the blood on her head and on the ground had coagulated.
Environmental Protection Commissioner Leslie Carothers proposed allowing the state to override local zoning and locate solid waste disposal facilities where it wants.
Despite the record highs reached in the stock market, Mr. Murphy said, short sellers "still firmly believe this market is overpriced, by about 500 points" on the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
Sears Chairman Edward A. Brennan said: "We're not terribly nervous about the fourth quarter.
Those disruptions, in turn, could affect the efficiency of the military operations in Saudi Arabia, where most of the Allied forces are based.
They all hop into their cars And drive off for a thrill, Gathering on highways Where, together, they stand still.
Coca-Cola Enterprises "had to do something," said Jesse Meyers, publisher of Beverage Digest, a trade publication. "Dyson and others conceived the idea to build a network of bottlers.
Some women even choose to select the adoptive parents early in the pregnancy and have them accompany her to doctor appointments and act as natural childbirth coaches in the delivery room.
He also accused his old friend and former Parliament speaker Anatoly Lukyanov of betraying him during the attempted coup.
"We're going to put on (the witness stand) the girlfriend, the guy that sold him the gasoline, the two guys he talked to _ the neighbors _ at his house," McCarthy said.
During the primary campaigns, Bush was on the receiving end of more jokes than all his Democratic opponents combined.
But last year, Spanish sparkling wine sales in the U.S. sank 10%, to around 17 million bottles, according to agency data.
At least one British war veteran attending the wreath-laying ceremony thought Philip's visit to Japan was justified.
The Turkish parliament has still to decide whether to extend the allied security umbrella for the Kurds beyond the new year.
The agency reported the strike committee "sharpened discipline" when some of the 130 miners began to leave the occupation strike at the Thorez mine.
Jack Schultz, Altman's president and chief executive, says his stores suspended advertising two weeks ago.
Three securities firms joined the elite ranks of primary dealers in U.S. government securities, but it's equally significant that Yamaichi Securities Co. of Japan didn't make the list.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Ms. Bhutto attributed the recent criticism of her to the government.
Delta spokesman Neil Monroe said he mentioned the Eastern program only reluctantly, because Delta views its program as a systemwide deal designed to beat the competition in many markets.
But the Belzbergs' financial muscle may not be as powerful as many people think.
Development of the winter wheat crop is about two weeks ahead of schedule because of unseasonably warm and wet weather to this point, and is now particularly vulnerable to a cold snap, analysts said.
A mysterious man linked to the Medellin cocaine cartel acknowledged he forged millions of dollars in greenbacks and passed thousands along the U.S.-Mexico border, a top law enforcement official said Tuesday.
'They need people in the UK,' he says.
While many analysts expect further short-term declines, few expect prices to dive to the low teens.
Alan Olson, a Century 21 real-estate agent in nearby Fergus Falls, expects Grant County land prices to stall this fall after rising 20% in the past year.
A Planned Parenthood spokeswoman said the organization is considering whether to appeal.
Davies smiles enigmatically and walks off. Cardiff, February 1. The first home game in the championship for Wales is marked by an outpouring of Welsh cliches.
Maud Van Cortlandt Oakes, a well known author and self-taught anthropologist who studied Navajo and Guatemalan Indians, died Sunday after a long illness at age 87.
The system currently holds about 42,000 prisoners, about 14,000 more than existing facilities were meant to hold.
Robertson's comments on the hostages marked the second time in two weeks that his statements on international matters have sparked controversy.
There is a feeling, Mr. Acquilino said, that "if I give this piece, what is the next piece to go."
AEL Industries Inc. said it expects its fiscal 1988 earnings to be "fairly level" with those of the prior year.
Now, the surplus is gone, partly because of a 1986 "whole herd buyout," in which farmers sold their entire herds to the government for slaughter and promised to stay out of the dairy business for five years.
Credit Suisse can do all that, Merrill can't' Mr Waugh at Merrill disagrees.
Bush has 7,000 tires on land he owns in the village.
In business, the partner usually stays quietly out of the limelight.
But we haven't seen a lot of buying at higher prices either," he said.
Films of stone-throwing Palestinian protesters even have been used in campaign ads.
In some vans, virtually every inch of wall space beyond the driver's seat is given over to speakers and amplifiers.
Like WF Yeames' 'And When Did You Last See Your Father?', similarly investigated at the Walker Art Gallery, the Rembrandt remains an enduringly popular image.
Municipal courts are geared to process minor offenders within three hours of arrest.
But mental scars remain for survivors like Casey.
Yet in Colorado, competing resorts have begun to pool resources to try to resolve their problems together.
Despite industry tests that proved Hoover superior, the Regina machine always won, picking up flakes that Hoover's didn't.
The fighting began at 9:45 p.m. Wednesday and died down after midnight.
UMW President Richard L. Trumka has said he wanted to return to the AFL-CIO through a merger with another energy union.
"They're like children," says Rep. Fortney Stark, a California Democrat.
Bond prices, which had been up in early trading, fell in response to the purchasing managers report, and the stock market followed suit.
The House also approved two of five proposed amendments.
But it's been a real circus getting it here.
Indeed, indexation may be more expensive in terms of real resources.
Nasdaq says it didn't do much partying for its 20th anniversary last year, aside from a press release or two.
Militant blacks have frequently attacked black policemen, accusing them of collaborating with the government and its apartheid policies.
The officials, who asked not to be identified, said Delvalle has privately expressed his intention for many weeks to distance himself from Noriega but they recognize that such a step would require considerable courage.
The latest quarter's profit compares with $73.3 million, or 69 cents a share, in the 1988 third quarter.
All are dominated by Labour.
After having problems finding enough good samples to use in drumming up business, Ms. Spiros was forced to recall the one and only shipment that ever left the basement _ 2,000 gloves sent to a San Francisco-area ambulance company.
In the only other U.S. death linked to the guerrilla fight, a Texas woman was among seven passengers killed and 28 wounded when guerrillas bombed a tourist train heading for the Inca ruins of Machu Picchu in June 1986.
He also ruled that retirees would retain any contractual rights even if the bankruptcy case were dropped or dismissed.
As previously reported, an arbitration panel in 1988 awarded Enron $162 million from the Belco insurers led by American International, to cover claims resulting from Peru's expropriation of Belco.
Showers and thunderstorms Thursday evening extended from the lower Mississippi Valley to the western Carolinas.
If Bellamy had only known, his hero would have been mystified 